feat(jenkins-plugins): support yaml file format (#9069)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/manager/jenkins/readme.md

> The Jenkins manager supports a custom text or yaml format of the plugin list as described [here](https://github.com/jenkinsci/plugin-installation-manager-tool#plugin-input-format). Currently, only versions from the main [update center](https://updates.jenkins.io/) are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jenkins manager supports a custom text or YAML format of the plugin list as described [here](https://github.com/jenkinsci/plugin-installation-manager-tool#plugin-input-format).
Currently, only versions from the main [update center](https://updates.jenkins.io/) are supported.
```

Fixing-up some small stuff:

- Use one sentence per line
- YAML is an abbreviation and should be capitalized

Author: Updated

> There's no strict specification on the name of the files, but usually it's `plugins.txt` or `plugins.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no strict filename rules, the convention is to name the file `plugins.txt` or `plugins.yml`.
```

Maybe something like this is a bit more natural?

Author: Updated. I kept the file `plugins.yaml` since it is the extension used in the jenkins examples

Reviewer: > I kept the file `plugins.yaml` since it is the extension used in the jenkins examples

Good call, I just fat-fingered that when I was making the suggestion...

The Jenkins manager supports a custom text or YAML format of the plugin list as described [here](https://github.com/jenkinsci/plugin-installation-manager-tool#plugin-input-format).

> Only versions from the main [update center](https://updates.jenkins.io/) are supported.

Reviewer: Usually its a good idea to spell out where a link will take you when you click on it.
Also is `update-center` the common name for this registry/website amongst Jenkins users?

```suggestion
Only versions from the main [Jenkins update center](https://updates.jenkins.io/) are supported.
```

> Currently, only versions from the main [update center](https://updates.jenkins.io/) are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only versions from the main [update center](https://updates.jenkins.io/) are supported.
```

I think this is a bit cleaner, as it doesn't imply that other "update centers" will be supported later on.

If support for other "update centers" is added, this text can be updated to list the supported centers.
